BITCOIN.DESIGN
DOMAIN OWNERSHIP STATEMENT


I, Pedro Gonçalves, while legally owning the domain bitcoin.design, state that I make it available for unrestricted and exclusive use by the Bitcoin Design Community, which is made up of the members of the Slack workspace located at bitcoindesign.slack.com and contributors to the BitcoinDesign Github organization located at github.com/bitcoindesign.

The domain will be used as the primary domain for the website that hosts content created by the community. I will not transfer ownership of the domain, point it at different content, or make any other changes to its configuration without the consent of the Bitcoin Design Community.

Before I make any changes to the domain ownership or technical configuration, I will consult with the Bitcoin Design Community to confirm there’s a rough consensus on the proposed change and will take no action until such consensus is reached.

To request such a change, I need to:

- Create a pull request with a clear description and rationale for the change in the Guide repository of the BitcoinDesign github organization https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Guide.
- Post the issue in the #bitcoin-design-guide channel on the Slack workspace, for all members of the Bitcoin Design community to see and respond to. 
- The issue needs to remain open for at least 30 days, and all concerns and comments need to have been addressed before a decision can be made. 

I can participate in discussing the request but I am not allowed to participate in the final resolution of this matter. This same process applies to members of the community for requests for me to make changes to the domain ownership or configuration.

Other members of the community of the community that want to make similar changes will go through the same process. Once maintainer roles are defined, I will work on sharing this responsibility and granting access to other members of the community to the management of the domain.

I will also commit to keep researching for alternative technological approaches that can allow distributed ownership of domains in a verifiable way.

Costs and other burdens I incur from maintaining domain ownership are my own responsibility.

Pedro Gonçalves
September 24, 2020

https://twitter.com/pedromvpg
https://github.com/pedromvpg
